1. the loan officer logs into the intranet portal and starts by entering the account number of the corporate accounts and the loan amount and the interest rate details which can be per Anum or per month etc 
2. the system pulls the following from the corebanking of the bank through an api provided by the bank into its own database
	a. details of the account
	b. details of the directors of the company including there BVN information
	c. details of the signatories of the company account including there BVN information
	d. the statement of the account with the bank for the last 6 months.
3. the loan officer uploads the banks statements for any other bank for which the customer has an account
4. the loan officer uploads the audited accounts for the last 3 years for the company.
5. the loan officer submits for approval.
6. the loan approving officer at the branch can either approve it for processing or return it back to the loan officer for editing
7. if the loan is approved. the following process is initiated
	a. the system connects to https://firstcentralcreditbureau.com/api/ or/and https://www.creditregistry.ng/api/ to do credit check on all the 		   directors and signatories the apis provided will be used to pull necessary info that will be used for decision making.
	b. will use an ai llm to ingest all this information and come up with a score matrix to determine if the company is qualified for loan

the decision will still be based on human intervention but the AI system will project the analysis to a dashboard that can be exported to pdf. 
the AI system should be able to use all information to suggest a repayment schedule bearing in mind that only a certain percentage of someones income can be used for loan repayment. the idea of doing credit check on each director and signatories is also to ensure that they are not necessarily defaulters or already tied down with execive loans already . the score matrix generated by the llm will serve as a decision support system to the final approval work flow which happens at the head office or loans committee. so the application should allow the approval work flow for the loan to be configurable so that once the loan approving officer at the branch level approves the loan for processing and the other steps have been completed . the loan approval committee at the head office can now pass it round append there comments and finally generate like a pdf document of the complete loan activity that will be printed out and sent for management approval. once that is gotten the designated workflow approval system will be activated by the designated final approval person. at this point the notification system notifies the branch for booking the loan in the corebanking and eventually disbursing it
